This is, I think, such a powerful way
of building because we went from,
idea and
we skipped over the CSS and stuff.
So if you assume with a design cycle and
getting all that stuff, that front end
review, you're probably looking at maybe
a day or two, but you can really just
move from idea to production with Astro
as your your framework of choice.
And so I'm very happy with it overall it's
given me a lot of my creative energy back.
So when I was younger, I used to build
a lot of silly sites to make me laugh.
And I would send them to my friends and
they were there to troll people and
just to kind of be goofy,
right like the goofy web.
And as frameworks got more complex,
building a goofy website got a lot slower
and I lost a lot of my taste for it.
It was harder to just get an idea out
of my brain, and that slowed me down.
And so in the case of me building
a goofy website, not a huge net loss for
the world or for the web, but in the case
of companies that If it's hard for
you to try something,
then you're not gonna get it out there.
You're not going to see how people use it,
you're not gonna ship that new
idea because it's too much work.
And that really prevents us from trying
things and learning and understanding how
our customers use and interact with
the software that we're building.
So something that I think is really
exciting about Astro is that,
by eliminating some of those loops, and
getting us to the point where we just have
an idea, and then it's shipped, we're
back to the point where we can get into
an almost real time conversation
with our customers.
I have an idea, I'm gonna ship it today,
we'll have data in a week on how people
use it and whether or not they liked it.
And then I can go back to the team and
say, hey, that really worked,
we should double down on this
direction of the feature.
Or hey, nobody cared about that,
let's just quietly sunset that and
we'll move on.
Even better if you've got feature flagging
or something built into your workflow.
And I mean, that's Astro in a nutshell.
This is, I think a very
exciting time to be in web dev
because Astro is one of
several exciting frameworks.
In addition to Astro, solid is just
kind of out there saying, hey,
what if all the things that we liked
about component-based UI frameworks were
really fast?
Qwik is asking, what if you didn't
have to do hydration at all?
What if the page was just there and
it started running as soon as
the page was done downloading.
There's so much exciting innovation
happening in the front end space right now
that I hope that what you take away from
this isn't, you must use Astro or else.
That's not at all what
I'm intending to say.
I wanna Astro to become a tool in your
tool belt that allows you to build things
that it's a good match for quickly, to get
feedback quickly, so that you can have
a little bit of fun, so that you can make
those funny sites to troll your friends.
And just keep exploring, I hope it
gives you some energy to go out and
have a lot of fun on the web and spend,
spend a little less time getting paged,
a little less time, putting out fires,
and a little more time doing
stuff that's actually enjoyable.
A couple resources here
just to wrap us up,
these are some things that
are useful to keep bookmark.
The Astro docs are very,
very good if you're gonna use nanostores.
Nanostores is wonderful,
again, it's very tiny, and
that means that it can
be a little bit weird.
So having the docs handy is useful.
The issues in nanosstores are actually a
really good source of information as well,
because somebody will say,
I can't do this and
then they'll show you how you do it
because it's not like a .delete.
It's a set key to undefined.
[LAUGH] It's stuff like that.
Solid docs, React docs the new React Docs,
a good friend of mine, Rachel Nabors put
a lot of work into those along with
other people, and they're excellent.
Zod is very,
very cool if you haven't tried it.
Netify if you wanna get
into their documentation.
And then I have a bunch of episodes of
Learn with Jason about Astro with the Astro
core team, with others from the ecosystem
showing how they've used Astro to build
cool stuff including, the multiframework
shared state demo from Aryan
Deora that inspired the cart
that we built today.
So definitely check that out and
see what you can learn there.
All right, thank you so much.
>> [APPLAUSE]